if you want cheap and reliable coins
check out cheap UT coins com I'll have a
link in the description below there an
automated service so you get the coins
instantly use fangs for a five percent
discount hey guys how's it going it is
fangs and welcome to a video where I
tell you that I am currently going to be
taking part in something called the
draft also known as fantasy football
this time around it's going to be the
BPL if you didn't get to see it last
year it's gonna consist of eight
youtubers which one of them is me
there's also gonna be in a pimp as a
nine skills zerkaa HD bazinga spinster
chris md and calfreezy so that's gonna
be all of it i was really happy to be
invited to this today you didn't get to
see the draft video i'm gonna have it
down in the description down below go
ahead and check that out so you can see
who everybody drafted i'm gonna be
showing you in this video today the team
that i was able to draft so it happens
in like an order he only gets a pic
players at certain times so this was the
team that i was able to pick right here
go ahead and take a look at my squad
guys it looks pretty amazing to be
honest it is a 442 and I think it's
actually gonna be kind of a good squad
um I do have a missing like a little bit
of the pace up here but it doesn't
matter cuz Lukaku and do yoga costs are
just gotta run people over these are my
strikers take a look at this beauty he
cost me four hundred thirty-five
thousand coins he might be the only one
I paid for except for maybe the keeper
down there as my right man I had to get
my five stuff skillet and Ben Arfa he's
pretty ridiculous at this game if you
haven't used them do it Jarvis thought
was a little bit pacer than he has 87
paces a lot but for somebody's not felt
like he was the 90s um he has a
five-star weak foot so when I haven't
picked him up West Ham hamma we have
Falleen yo as one of our sentiments as
well as one matzo that's kind of my weak
links okay I wasn't able to pick the
best center miss I picked him last I'm
centre-backs we have an awful um and
cheddar cheese which eyes called him
churches in the video I'm already gonna
say it I did it but you know what things
happen things happen when you party
naked we got Coleman as our right back
out a little more pace over there and
then Marino the Beast the monster as our
left back I love marine on this game I
think he is just just amazing and then I
got shafted on the keepers I kind of did
it towards the last pic which is
probably a bad idea but I got Chesney
the in-form with the little glove
chemistry as my keeper so this is my
squad right here guys how my first match
is going to be against none other than
nepenthez the net bell monster I'm out
of a link to his channel down in
description down below it's going to be
on Saturday all the matches take place
on different days so we are on Saturday
then another group will be on Sunday and
Monday continues until it's done
hopefully I will beat nap and I will go
on through into the rounds and win the
whole thing because that's just what I
want to do be 15 I've got to do
something like cuz I did really bad most
the tournament's I did it in fifa 14 so
I'm gonna try my hardest this is the
team i'm gonna use if you want to check
out the team he's gonna use i don't know
if he's doing a squad builder but
definitely check out his channel link in
the description down below if you have
any ideas on what you think the
predictions are we do two legs one on my
channel one in his so if you have a
prediction on what you think those
scores are gonna be put that down in the
comments down below that's gonna be it
for this video that guys i just wanted
to show you my team bring that to you
that should be Saturday tomorrow either
will be a UK vs USA or a random fifa
video i think i'm trying to do some kind
of like weird challenges like two button
challenges and stuff like that that's
gonna be it for this video though and
until next time I'll see you guys later